ICS3 protocol fix for version negotiation (#479)
cosmos/ics: spec/ics-003-connection-semantics/README.md

what encoding formats channel-related datagrams will use. At present, host state machine MAY utilise the version data
to negotiate encodings, priorities, or connection-specific metadata related to custom logic on top of IBC.

> Host state machines MAY also safely ignore the version data or specify an empty string. It is assumed that the two chains running the opening handshake have at least once compatible version in common (i.e., the compatible versions at the two chains must have a non-empty intersection).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Host state machines MAY also safely ignore the version data or specify an empty string. It is assumed that the two chains running the opening handshake have at least one compatible version in common (i.e., the compatible versions of the two chains must have a non-empty intersection). If the two chains do not have any mutually acceptable versions, the handshake will fail.
```

An implementation MUST define a function `getCompatibleVersions` which returns the list of versions it supports, ranked by descending preference order.

```typescript
type getCompatibleVersions = () => []string
```

> An implementation MUST define a function `pickVersion` to choose a version from a list of versions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An implementation MUST define a function `pickVersion` to choose a version from a list of versions. Note that if the two chains performing the handshake implement different `pickVersion` functions, a (possibly misbehaving) relayer may be able to stall the handshake by executing `INIT` and `OPENTRY` on both chains, at which point they will pick different versions and be unable to continue.
```

  consensusHeight: Height) {
    abortTransactionUnless(consensusHeight < getCurrentHeight())
    connection = provableStore.get(connectionPath(identifier))
    abortTransactionUnless(

>         (connection.state === INIT && connection.version.indexOf(version) !== -1)

Reviewer: it can't both be equal and `indexOf`, I think you want `indexOf`

Author: Not sure I understand your comment.

This conditions is trying to ensure that: If the (current) state of the connection is `INIT`, then the incoming argument `version` must exist inside the list of versions `connection.version`. Agree this is not the ideal way to code this check.

Reviewer: Oh, never mind, just got confused reading the diff
